docs: add a disclaimer about withdrawals around the time of a bold upgrade (#1334)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/how-arbitrum-works/bold/gentle-introduction.md

## Wen mainnet?

:::caution Withdrawals leading up to a BOLD upgrade

> The confirmation timing on any withdrawal that is in-flight when the BOLD upgrade is activated will be delayed until the first BOLD assertion is confirmed. This means that for any Arbitrum chain that upgrades to use BOLD, including Arbitrum One and Arbitrum Nova, all pending withdrawals to L1 Ethereum that were initiated _before_ the upgrade will be delayed by 1 challenge period, plus the time between the withdrawal was initiated and the time that the BOLD upgrade takes place. This is because the upgrade effectively "resets" the challenge period for that are not yet finalized. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The confirmation timing on any withdrawal that is in flight when the BoLD upgrade is activated will be delayed until the first BoLD assertion is confirmed. This means that for any Arbitrum chain that upgrades to use BoLD, including Arbitrum One and Arbitrum Nova, all pending withdrawals to L1 Ethereum that were initiated _before_ the upgrade will be delayed by one challenge period, plus the time between the withdrawal was initiated and the time that the BoLD upgrade takes place. This is because the upgrade effectively "resets" the challenge periods that have not yet been finalized.
```
